shell/Readme.md, before:

## Description

This lab was meant to show us how to make a simple shell using io redirection
and pipes. This lab was centered around the fork, wait, and exec processes. We
needed to know how to fork, when to wait, when to execute, and when to fork
another child as is with the pipe section of this lab.


## Code

The entire code is looped infinately in order to present the user with a
prompt (p>>). I then created different if statements in order to handle input
redirection, one to handle output redirection, and another to handle piping


## How to Run

To run program...

```
`$ python3 shell.py
```
To terminate program, a Ctrl-d is necessary to send EOFException


## Bugs

I was not able to handle the PS1 environment variable. Other than that io
redirection worked properly with the input I gave my prompt. The piping part
of the lab did not work correctly in only piped one line at a time. The
command I used to test the piping was...

```
p>> cat test.py | wc
```
Also in order to make piping work as best as it could I had to copy output of
the pipe to a temp.txt file in order to pass it to the wc command.

## Contributions
I used Professor Freudenthal's p4-redirect.py file in order to create my input
redirection. The output redirection is completely his. For the piping section
of the lab I used https://www.tutorialspoint.com/python3/os_pipe.htm. I also
contributed with Michael Baca, a classmate also in Theory of OS, we bounced
ideas off each other.

Commit message:

final modifications got pipe working better. Was not able to do PS1

shell/Readme.md, after:

## Description

This lab was meant to show us how to make a simple shell using io redirection
and pipes. This lab was centered around the fork, wait, and exec processes. We
needed to know how to fork, when to wait, when to execute, and when to fork
another child as is with the pipe section of this lab.


## Code

The entire code is looped infinately in order to present the user with a
prompt (p>>). I then created different if statements in order to handle input
redirection, one to handle output redirection, and another to handle piping


## How to Run

To run program...

```
`$ python3 shell.py
```
To terminate program, a Ctrl-d is necessary to send EOFException


## Bugs

I was not able to handle the PS1 environment variable. Other than that io
redirection worked properly with the input I gave my prompt. The piping part
of the lab did not work correctly. Everything was piped properly with two
children but it did not print out to the screen (stdout) until the program was
terminated with ctrl-d.

```
p>> cat test.py | wc
```
